README.md, before:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/github-version-checker?logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/github-version-checker)
[![GitHub Workflow Status (CI)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/axelrindle/github-version-checker/ci.yml?branch=main&logo=github)](https://github.com/axelrindle/github-version-checker/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![GitHub Workflow Status (Docs)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/axelrindle/github-version-checker/docs.yml?branch=main&label=Docs&logo=github)](https://github.com/axelrindle/github-version-checker/actions/workflows/docs.yml)
[![Codacy grade](https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/f82826738d2b43b1b8ba40dd780d1784?logo=codacy)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/axelrindle/github-version-checker/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=axelrindle/github-version-checker&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Codacy coverage](https://img.shields.io/codacy/coverage/f82826738d2b43b1b8ba40dd780d1784?logo=codacy)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/axelrindle/github-version-checker/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=axelrindle/github-version-checker&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)

# github-version-checker

> Simple **version checker** working with **GitHub releases** and the **GitHub API**.

## Supported Node.js versions

`>= 12`

While versions below 12.x are not officially tested they might work anyway.

## Is this ESM only?

**No.**

This module may be require'd (CommonJS) or imported (ESM).

I do not plan on making this an ESM only module in the near future.

## Install

```bash
$ npm install github-version-checker
```

## Documentation

[github-version-checker (axelrindle.github.io)](https://axelrindle.github.io/github-version-checker/)

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Shorten project name to version-checker

README.md, after:

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/github-version-checker?logo=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/github-version-checker)
[![GitHub Workflow Status (CI)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/axelrindle/github-version-checker/ci.yml?branch=main&logo=github)](https://github.com/axelrindle/github-version-checker/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![GitHub Workflow Status (Docs)](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/axelrindle/github-version-checker/docs.yml?branch=main&label=Docs&logo=github)](https://github.com/axelrindle/github-version-checker/actions/workflows/docs.yml)
[![Codacy grade](https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/f82826738d2b43b1b8ba40dd780d1784?logo=codacy)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/axelrindle/github-version-checker/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=axelrindle/github-version-checker&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Codacy coverage](https://img.shields.io/codacy/coverage/f82826738d2b43b1b8ba40dd780d1784?logo=codacy)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/axelrindle/github-version-checker/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=axelrindle/github-version-checker&utm_campaign=Badge_Coverage)

---

🚧 **Notice** 🚧

*This project is being renamed to just **version-checker** as I plan to support other platforms than Github in the future.*

---

# github-version-checker

> Simple **version checker** working with **GitHub releases** and the **GitHub API**.

## Supported Node.js versions

`>= 12`

While versions below 12.x are not officially tested they might work anyway.

## Is this ESM only?

**No.**

This module may be require'd (CommonJS) or imported (ESM).

I do not plan on making this an ESM only module in the near future.

## Install

```bash
$ npm install @version-checker/core
```

## Documentation

[version-checker (axelrindle.github.io)](https://axelrindle.github.io/github-version-checker/)

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
